next milestone for the vector tiles chapter (#6737)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector_tiles/vector_tiles_properties.rst

in the :guilabel:`Data Source Manager` dialog. Read :ref:`vector_tiles` for
more details.

Vector Tiles Dataset Properties
===============================

Information Properties
----------------------

The :guilabel:`Information` tab is read-only and represents an interesting place to quickly grab
summarized information and metadata on the current layer.
Provided information are:

* based on the provider of the layer (e.g. URI and number of Zoom levels)
* related to its geometry (CRS, Spatial Extend)

Symbology Properties
--------------------

.. _figure_vector_tile_symbology:

.. figure:: img/vector_tile_symbology.png
   :align: center

   Vector Tile Layer Symbology

As vector tiles consist of point, line and polygon geometries, the respective symbols are available. 
To apply a cartographic style you need to use a :guilabel:`Style URL` when
creating the :guilabel:`Vector Tiles Connection`. The symbology will be
shown immediatly in the |symbology| :guilabel:`Symbology` tab after clicking the
:guilabel:`OK` button.
To create your own cartographic style you can define a set of rules for features and

> apply style and label. We set up style and labeling for the open street map layer ``landuse``.
> The settings are made for the class ``suburb`` here. For better visibility most of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apply style and label. In :numref:`figure_vector_tile_symbology` we set up style and
labeling for the OpenStreetMap ``landuse`` layer.
The settings are made for the class ``suburb`` here. For better visibility most of
```
It was not obvious to me what/where we set up something. Am I right you refer to the screenshot because I can't find any mention of `suburb` (nor landuse?) in it. Normal?

at the given zoom level. This makes it easier to work with complex vector styling
and to locate troublesome rules. Style and labelling can be dependent on the
zoom level.

Labels Properties
-----------------

Metadata Properties
-------------------

.. Substitutions definitions - AVOID EDITING PAST THIS LINE
   This will be automatically updated by the find_set_subst.py script.
   If you need to create a new substitution manually,
   please add it also to the substitutions.txt file in the
   source folder.

.. |addVectorTileLayer| image:: /static/common/mActionAddVectorTileLayer.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |checkbox| image:: /static/common/checkbox.png
   :width: 1.3em
.. |general| image:: /static/common/general.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |selectString| image:: /static/common/selectstring.png
   :width: 2.5em
.. |setProjection| image:: /static/common/mActionSetProjection.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |signMinus| image:: /static/common/symbologyRemove.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |signPlus| image:: /static/common/symbologyAdd.png
   :width: 1.5em
.. |slider| image:: /static/common/slider.png
.. |symbology| image:: /static/common/symbology.png
   :width: 2em

> .. |checkbox| image:: /static/common/checkbox.png
>    :width: 1.3em
> .. |general| image:: /static/common/general.png
>    :width: 1.5em
> .. |selectString| image:: /static/common/selectstring.png
>    :width: 2.5em
> .. |setProjection| image:: /static/common/mActionSetProjection.png
>    :width: 1.5em
> .. |signMinus| image:: /static/common/symbologyRemove.png
>    :width: 1.5em
> .. |signPlus| image:: /static/common/symbologyAdd.png
>    :width: 1.5em
> .. |slider| image:: /static/common/slider.png
> .. |symbology| image:: /static/common/symbology.png
>    :width: 2em

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
